Add custom data type support for Modbus climate (#12250)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/climate.modbus.markdown

  required: false
  type: string
  default: float
structure:

>   description: "If data_type is custom specify here a double quoted Python struct format string to unpack the value. See Python documentation for details. Ex: >i."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "If `data_type` is custom specified a double-quoted Python struct is expected here, to format the string to unpack the value. See Python documentation for details. Example: `>i`."
```

Author: Hi @frenck, I copied a whole block from the docs for `Modbus sensor`. Can I fix the line there as well as part of this PR?

Author: I updated this description also for `Modbus sensor`. It's only a cosmetic change. Please let me know if I should split this into a separate PR. Thanks!
